[Java] Add CompileTimeConstantExpr.getStringified method (#8360)
github/codeql: java/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-03-07-char-literal-in-compile-time-constant.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

>  * Add new method `CharacterLiteral.getStringifiedValue` which attempts to compute the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add new predicate `CharacterLiteral.getStringifiedValue` which attempts to compute the
```

>  * Add new method `CharacterLiteral.getStringifiedValue` which attempts to compute the
>    `String.valueOf` compile time constant value of the expression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Add new method `CompileTimeConstantExpr.getStringifiedValue` which attempts to compute the
   `String.valueOf` string rendering of a constant expression.
```
